[sysutils/lsof] major update (#504)
freebsd/freebsd-quarterly: lsof.adoc

=== sysutils/lsof major upgrade

Links
link:https://github.com/lsof-org/lsof[lsof project repo] URL: link:https://github.com/lsof-org/lsof[https://github.com/lsof-org/lsof] +

Contact: Larry Rosenman <ler@FreeBSD.org>

sysutils/lsof in ports has had a major upgrade to no longer go looking 

> in /dev/kmem for data and using userspace API's.  This has taken a long

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in /dev/kmem for data and using the userland API.  This has taken a long
```
Single API, comprising a bunch of system calls, device data formats, etc. Or if you see it as a file IO API, a process control API, a resource allocation API, etc., that is one API per functional group, I'd still remove the ': APIs.

time to hit the tree, but is finally done.  This fixes lsof(1) to work with
ZFS again for the first time since 13.0-RELEASE.

This will make the maintenance of sysutils/lsof much easier going forward.

To the kernel folks: if you make changes that break lsof, please submit a 

> github PR to https://github.com/lsof-org/lsof.

Reviewer: If there's a way to find out about changes breaking lsof, best to mention it here, I think.

My thanks to Warner Losh <imp@FreeBSD.org>, Mateusz Guzik <mjg@FreeBSD.org>,
and Ed Maste <emaste@FreeBSD.org> for help getting this major change landed. 

> 

Reviewer: Spurious extra linebreaks.
